README.md, before:

# 🎃 Hacktoberfest 2025 - Participant Directory

Welcome to the Hacktoberfest 2025 participant directory! This is a simple static website showcasing all participants.

## 🚀 How to Add Your Links

Follow these simple steps to add your GitHub and LinkedIn URLs:

### Step 1: Open `script.js`
Find the `script.js` file in the project folder.

### Step 2: Locate Your Entry
Search for your name in the `participants` array at the top of the file. It will look like this:

```javascript
{ name: "Your Name", roll: "Your Roll No", year: "Your Year", branch: "Your Branch", github: "", linkedin: "" },
```

### Step 3: Add Your URLs
Replace the empty strings with your profile URLs:

```javascript
{ name: "Your Name", roll: "Your Roll No", year: "Your Year", branch: "Your Branch", github: "https://github.com/yourusername", linkedin: "https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile" },
```

**Example:**
```javascript
{ name: "John Doe", roll: "23R21A1234", year: "Third", branch: "CSE", github: "https://github.com/johndoe", linkedin: "https://linkedin.com/in/johndoe" },
```

### Step 4: Save the File
Save `script.js` and refresh the webpage to see your links!

## 💡 Tips

- Make sure to use the full URL including `https://`
- Double-check your URLs before saving
- If you don't have a GitHub or LinkedIn account, leave the field empty (`""`)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Find your name in `script.js`
2. Add your GitHub and LinkedIn URLs
3. Commit your changes
4. Create a pull request

For doubts: Vedansh Sharma -: +917207802423

Commit message:

Add note about PR verification for Hacktoberfest
Added a note regarding the verification of PR merges.

README.md, after:

# 🎃 Hacktoberfest 2025 - Participant Directory

Note: The PR's will be verified merged soon!!
Welcome to the Hacktoberfest 2025 participant directory! This is a simple static website showcasing all participants.

## 🚀 How to Add Your Links

Follow these simple steps to add your GitHub and LinkedIn URLs:

### Step 1: Open `script.js`
Find the `script.js` file in the project folder.

### Step 2: Locate Your Entry
Search for your name in the `participants` array at the top of the file. It will look like this:

```javascript
{ name: "Your Name", roll: "Your Roll No", year: "Your Year", branch: "Your Branch", github: "", linkedin: "" },
```

### Step 3: Add Your URLs
Replace the empty strings with your profile URLs:

```javascript
{ name: "Your Name", roll: "Your Roll No", year: "Your Year", branch: "Your Branch", github: "https://github.com/yourusername", linkedin: "https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile" },
```

**Example:**
```javascript
{ name: "John Doe", roll: "23R21A1234", year: "Third", branch: "CSE", github: "https://github.com/johndoe", linkedin: "https://linkedin.com/in/johndoe" },
```

### Step 4: Save the File
Save `script.js` and refresh the webpage to see your links!

## 💡 Tips

- Make sure to use the full URL including `https://`
- Double-check your URLs before saving
- If you don't have a GitHub or LinkedIn account, leave the field empty (`""`)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Find your name in `script.js`
2. Add your GitHub and LinkedIn URLs
3. Commit your changes
4. Create a pull request

For doubts: Vedansh Sharma -: +917207802423
